Fix eventing docs (#5374)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/event-bus/03-03-service-programming-model.md

## Event metadata

> The following HTTP Headers(compliant to [CloudEvents](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v0.3/spec.md)) provide information about the Event metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following HTTP headers provide information about the Event metadata. The headers follow the format defined in the [CloudEvents specification](https://github.com/cloudevents/spec/blob/v0.3/spec.md).
```
